Some changes (#97824)
Azure/azure-content: articles/purview/catalog-private-link-troubleshoot.md

- We currently don't support ingestion private endpoints that work with your AWS sources.
- Scanning Azure Multiple Sources using self-hosted integration runtime isn't supported.
- Using Azure integration runtime to scan data sources behind private endpoint isn't supported.

> - The ingestion private endpoints can be created via the Microsoft Purview governance portal experience described in the steps [here]([url](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/purview/catalog-private-link-end-to-end#option-2---enable-account-portal-and-ingestion-private-endpoint-on-existing-microsoft-purview-accounts)). They can't be created from the Private Link Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ingestion private endpoints can be created via the Microsoft Purview governance portal experience described in the steps [here](catalog-private-link-end-to-end.md#option-2---enable-account-portal-and-ingestion-private-endpoint-on-existing-microsoft-purview-accounts). They can't be created from the Private Link Center.
```
